Get someone to buy me the new iPhone for
my birthday. Step one, collagen for
breakfast. Step two, matcha to plot the
mission. Part of the plot was a clinic
visit. If I'm going to manipulate the
economy, I might as well look flawless
doing it. After I realized I had to pay
myself and nobody comes to pick me up, I
was disgusted. Anyways, operation
birthday princess officially began. I
entered the Apple store like I own 5% of
it. And guess what? It worked. One
charming smile later and a man who
looked like he lives to make woman
happy. Tada! Then I met another queen.
She gifted me her own seductive perfume,
which naturally I immediately used to
seduce someone else. Fast forward to Miu
Miu, two pairs of sunglasses gifted by
another admirer. Because why choose one
when you [music] can have both? Dropped
the bags at home because a queen
carrying too much unacceptable. And
right before I left again, surprise! My
favorite tulips waiting in front of the
door. No number shared, no promise made,
and ended the day with a nice dinner. A
treat from me to me because hard work
deserves reward.